This Zenodo deposit contains a publicly available description of the Dataset:

# "asap-raw-team-indipd-ipsc-cageseq-kolf21j-wt".

## Dataset Description:
 
This dataset includes CAGE sequencing data from the KOLF2.1J reference line for iPSC, cortical neuron, and microglia. This data was generated by DNAform. Average length from all three cell types is 75bp at around 3Gb per cell.


**Authors:**

* Alvarez Jerez, Pilar; [ORCID:0000-0002-5812-1898](0000-0002-5812-1898); Global Parkinson's Genetics Program (GP2) Chevy Chase, MD, USA
* Lara, Erika; Center for Alzheimer's and Related Dementias, National Institute on Aging and National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA
* Beilina, Alexandra; [ORCID:0000-0001-6400-1684](0000-0001-6400-1684); Laboratory of Neurogenetics, National Institute on Aging, Bethesda, Maryland, USA
* Blauwendraat, Cornelis; [ORCID:0000-0001-9358-8111](0000-0001-9358-8111); Aligning Science Across Parkinson’s (ASAP) Collaborative Research Network, Chevy Chase, MD, USA


**ASAP Team:** Indipd

**Dataset Name:** indipd-ipsc-cageseq-kolf21j-wt, v1.0.0

**Principal Investigator:** NA, NA

**Dataset Submitter:** NA, NA

**Publication DOI:** NA

**Grant IDs:** ['NA']

**ASAP Lab:** NA

**ASAP Project:** KOLF2.1J_WT_ASSEMBLY

**Project Description:** In this project we are generating and annotating a diploid assembly of the KOLF2.1J reference cell line using long-read sequencing methods. Additionally, we are differentiating KOLF2.1J into multiple derived cell lines and generating DNA, RNA, CAGE, and HI-C data to explore the transcriptomic and epigenetic profiles of KOLF2.1J. The derived cell lines include: cortical neurons, NGN2- derived neurons, microglia, astrocytes and oligodendrocytes. Note: not all data modalities are available for each cell line.

**Submission Date:** 2026-02-25

__________________________________________


> This dataset is made available to researchers via the ASAP CRN Cloud: [cloud.parkinsonsroadmap.org](https://cloud.parkinsonsroadmap.org). Instructions for how to request access can be found in the [User Manual](https://storage.googleapis.com/asap-public-assets/wayfinding/ASAP-CRN-Cloud-User-Manual.pdf).

> This research was funded by the Aligning Science Across Parkinson's Collaborative Research Network (ASAP CRN), through the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research (MJFF).

> This Zenodo deposit was created by the ASAP CRN Cloud staff on behalf of the dataset authors. It provides a citable reference for a CRN Cloud Dataset

