This Zenodo deposit contains a publicly available description of the Dataset:

# "asap-raw-team-indipd-ipsc-hicseq-kolf21j-wt".

## Dataset Description:
 
This dataset includes Hi-C sequencing data from the KOLF2.1J iPSC. This data was generated by Arima Genomics.


**Authors:**

* Alvarez Jerez, Pilar; [ORCID:0000-0002-5812-1898](0000-0002-5812-1898); Global Parkinson's Genetics Program (GP2) Chevy Chase, MD, USA
* Kim, Juhyun; Genome Informatics Section, Center for Genomics and Data Science Research, National Human Genome Research Institute, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA
* Blauwendraat, Cornelis; [ORCID:0000-0001-9358-8111](0000-0001-9358-8111); Aligning Science Across Parkinson’s (ASAP) Collaborative Research Network, Chevy Chase, MD, USA


**ASAP Team:** Indipd

**Dataset Name:** indipd-ipsc-hicseq-kolf21j-wt, v1.0.0

**Principal Investigator:** NA, NA

**Dataset Submitter:** NA, NA

**Publication DOI:** NA

**Grant IDs:** ['NA']

**ASAP Lab:** NA

**ASAP Project:** KOLF2.1J_WT_ASSEMBLY

**Project Description:** In this project we are generating and annotating a diploid assembly of the KOLF2.1J reference cell line using long-read sequencing methods. Additionally, we are differentiating KOLF2.1J into multiple derived cell lines and generating DNA, RNA, CAGE, and HI-C data to explore the transcriptomic and epigenetic profiles of KOLF2.1J. The derived cell lines include: cortical neurons, NGN2- derived neurons, microglia, astrocytes and oligodendrocytes. Note: not all data modalities are available for each cell line.

**Submission Date:** 2026-02-25

__________________________________________


> This dataset is made available to researchers via the ASAP CRN Cloud: [cloud.parkinsonsroadmap.org](https://cloud.parkinsonsroadmap.org). Instructions for how to request access can be found in the [User Manual](https://storage.googleapis.com/asap-public-assets/wayfinding/ASAP-CRN-Cloud-User-Manual.pdf).

> This research was funded by the Aligning Science Across Parkinson's Collaborative Research Network (ASAP CRN), through the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research (MJFF).

> This Zenodo deposit was created by the ASAP CRN Cloud staff on behalf of the dataset authors. It provides a citable reference for a CRN Cloud Dataset

